# Highlands community demand

## Description

In this folder you can find the scripts to reproduce the demand for the communities from 50 t0 550 households for the lowlands. In addition to this, the scripts with the analysis of the thesis are also included. How to use them is briefly explain hereunder:
- The households folder  contains the demand of the residential sector from 50 to 550 households in hourly time series. 
- The Residential folder contains the RAMP scripts to create the demand for the residential sector. To obtain the demands, one has to go to the RAMP_run.py file and run it. The script is set up to create all the demands in one run. RAMP creates the demand profiles in a minute base, in order to create the demand in hours the file results_elaboration_households.py must be run. This file is inside the results folder where the demand times series generated by RAMP are stored. The hourly data is saved in the processed folder. 
- The School_Hospital  contains the RAMP scripts to create the demand for the hospital and school. To obtain the demands, one has to go  RAMP_run.py file and run it. The script is set up to create all the demands in one run. RAMP creates the demand profiles in a minute base, in order to transform them into hourly time series the file Demand_hpurly.py must be run. This file is inside the results folder where the demand times series are saved by RAMP. The hourly data are saved as Hospita.csv and School.csv.
- The file Demand.xls is the file where the community demands are stored.
- The demand_Check.py file creates the plot with the total demand and peak demand (Total_Demand_Per_Comunnity.png). It also calculates the difference between the total demand and peak demand in selected scenarios .
- The Demand_Managment.py folder creates the Demand.xls file by joining residential, school and hospital demands according to the specifications of the thesis.
- The Demand_Plots script creates the plot where the demand of different communities is shown (Demand_Profiles.png).
- School.csv and Hospital.csv are the demands from the school and Hospital generated in School_Hospital folder.
